Chocolate Chip Scones
http://sallysbakingaddiction.com/2014/06/01/chocolate-chip-scones/
Melt-in-your-mouth chocolate chip scones. Tender and moist inside with a slight crunch on the edges, these buttery scones are sure to please even the pickiest eaters!
8 scones
20 minutes
45 minutes

2 cups (250g) all-purpose flour (careful not to overmeasure)
1/2 cup (100g) packed light or dark brown sugar
2 and 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt
8 Tablespoons (115g) unsalted butter, frozen
1/2 cup (120ml) heavy cream
1 large egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 heaping cup (180g) mini semi-sweet chocolate chips*
coarse sugar for sprinkling on top before baking
confectioners' sugar for topping after baking (optional)

Preheat oven to 400F degrees.
Adjust baking rack to the middle-low position.
Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat. Set aside.
In a large bowl, whisk the flour, brown sugar, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt.
Grate the frozen butter (I used a box grater; a food processor also works - here is the one I own and love).
Toss the grated butter into the flour mixture and combine it with a pastry cutter, your fingers, or two knives until the mixture resembles coarse meal. Set aside.
In a small bowl, whisk the cream, egg, and vanilla together.
Drizzle it over the flour mixture and then toss the mixture together with a rubber spatula until everything appears moistened.
Slowly and gently fold in the mini chocolate chips. Try your best to not overwork the dough at any point. Dough will be a little wet.
Work the dough into a ball with floured hands as best you can and transfer to the prepared baking pan.
Press into a neat 8″ disc and cut into equal wedges with a very sharp knife.
Top with a sprinkle of additional mini chocolate chips (optional) and coarse sugar.
Bake for 20-25 minutes or until lightly golden and cooked through.
Remove from the oven and allow to cool for a few minutes.
Sprinkle lightly with confectioners' sugar, if desired.
Scones are best enjoyed right away, though leftover scones keep well at room temperature for 2 extra days. Scones freeze well, up to 3 months.