Death By Chocolate Cake
http://www.theslowroasteditalian.com/2011/09/death-by-chocolate-cake.html?m=1

Prep
I started out preparing the Cocoa Meringue. It takes 3 hours of oven time, so best get to it first. Prepare the meringue per the instructions. Trace the bottom of a 9" pan onto parchment paper, turn it upside down. Transfer your meringue to a piping bag or plastic bag with no tip, cut a hole in bag and pipe a circle on the parchment, starting on the outside. Bake per instructions.
While the meringue was baking, I prepared the Chocolate Mousse. Prepare per instructions. You are left with egg whites in one bowl, whipped cream in another and a chocolate mixture in the third. You will fold them together per the directions and then set the chocolate mousse in the refrigerator until you assemble the cake.
Prepare the Chocolate Ganache next. Heat butter and cream as per directions and then pour over chocolate. Stir until smooth. Allow to sit at room temperature until you are ready to assemble.
Next prepare the Mocha Mousse per the instructions. You will have 3 bowls to fold together; the whipped cream, egg whites and chocolate mixture. Fold together and refrigerate until needed for assembly.
You will start to prepare the Simply the Best Chocolate Brownie to go into the oven once the meringue comes out. Prepare brownie as instructed. After baked, and de-panned allow to cool before cutting into 2 layers. Set aside for assembly.
Assembling
You start with a 9" springform pan on a cake circle or other pan that will fit in your freezer or refrigerator. Place the top layer of the Simply the Best Chocolate Brownie in the pan cut side down.
Add 1 1/2 cups of the Chocolate Ganache with a ladle and smooth to the edges.
Place your trimmed Cocoa Meringue into the pan on top of the ganache and lightly press down to assure there are no air bubbles. If your meringue breaks, reassemble it in the pan as closely as possible.
Spoon the Mocha Mousse on top of the meringue. Spread evenly out to the sides.
Place the remaining layer of the Simply the Best Chocolate Brownie, bottom side up, on top of the mocha mousse. Chill the cake in freezer for 30 minutes or refrigerate for 1 hour.
Remove from the freezer and cut around the edges to release from the spring-form pan. Pour the remaining ganache over the cake and use a cake spatula to spread the ganache evenly over the and sides of the cake. Refrigerate the cake for 10 to 15 minutes to set the ganache.
Fill a pastry bag with a star tip with the chocolate mousse. Pipe a circle of stars (each touching the other) along the outside edge of the top of the cake. Continue to pipe out circle of stars until the top of the cake is covered. Refrigerate the Death By Chocolate for at least 4 hours and preferably 12 hours before cutting and serving.